[RM Ch08] Extreme-edge devices reference (#3255)
anuket-project/anuket-specifications: doc/ref_model/chapters/chapter08.rst

At the edge, the infrastructure may further include ruggedised hardware for harsh environments and hardware with
different form factors.

> Finally, there is a need to integrate, and to consider extreme-edge devices which can be part of the ecosystem,

Reviewer: As discussed in the RM meeting of 2022-12-07, starting the sentence with "Finally" doesn't follow the previous sentences. If this suggestion is accepted, then lines 663 and 664 should be deleted. Orchestration is not the topic of this section and so is being removed.

If orchestration must be mentioned, then it should be a separate paragraph that applies to the content of this section.
```suggestion
Additionally, the extreme edge may consist of programmable devices as part of the
Telco Edge Cloud ecosystem for use in meeting some extremely low latency requirements,
```

At the edge, the infrastructure may further include ruggedised hardware for harsh environments and hardware with
different form factors.

> Finally, there is a need to integrate, and to consider extreme-edge devices which can be part of the ecosystem, and offer programability and processing capabilities. Ultimately, can be considered for the end-to-end orchestration, and can be used to comply with extreme requirements for some of the use cases. 

Reviewer 2: Please wrap lines to 120 chars.

> Finally, there is a need to integrate, and to consider extreme-edge devices which can be part of the ecosystem, and offer programability and processing capabilities. Ultimately, can be considered for the end-to-end orchestration, and can be used to comply with extreme requirements for some of the use cases. 

Author: ```suggestion
Finally, there is a need to integrate, and to consider extreme-edge devices which can be part of the ecosystem,
 and offer programability and processing capabilities. Ultimately, can be considered for the end-to-end 
 orchestration, and can be used to comply with extreme requirements for some of the use cases. 
```
